The Joe Rogan experience.
Do we live in a weird time, man?
Are you paying attention to all this stock market with game stop? So I heard,
I heard a little bit about it. What, what, what we covered.
We covered it a little bit yesterday. My friend ser and jetty from, uh,
the rising the hill, he, he covered it and we played some of his.
What basically is going on is these people are, uh,
speculators on wall street, you know, they're, they, they short stocks,
meaning they are gambling that a stock is gonna lose value.
And so then these Reddis, these smart dudes on red are like, you know what,
these people let's just buy a bunch of this stock and Jack that price up.
And so they all got together, thousands of them and they bought a,
all that stock and the price went flying, like went way up.
Yeah. Yeah. And so then all the hedge fund people that were gambling on it,
losing money mm-hmm <affirmative> they lost billions of dollars. Yeah.
Like instantly and wall street started panicking.
And so then they realized these reds realized they can do this.
So they started doing with other stocks, like movie theaters to, and then,
and so then this app called Robin hood, which is an app, which,
which is Robin hood is supposed to be steal from the rich give to the poor
mm-hmm <affirmative>, that's the story of Robinhood. Instead,
they are protecting all these hedge fund people by stopping people from doing
this. So they're stopping all this sale of these stocks that these reds all get
excited about. Mm-hmm <affirmative> so these people, even if they buy the stock,
now they can't sell it. Or now they is that what it is, or they can't buy it.
They can't buy it. They can't buy it, buy. They can't buy it anymore.
They can sell it, but they can't buy it. So it's, they've,
they've essentially tried to do what they can to stop this scam.
And ever everyone is furious at them so much so
that I sent you an article that, uh,
Google removed over 100,001
star reviews from their app store because they,
they were saving this application from having one star in the Google app,
because everyone was so mad at him. But meanwhile, that's a legit cons.
That's a legit criticism. Like here it is, Google salvaged,
Robin Hood's one star rating by deleting nearly 100,000 negative reviews.
Unhappy users have been reviewed bombing the app. So that's what's going on.
What basically has happened in Jamar is,
is all these people forever have been manipulating the stock market and making a
shitload of money, doing it, hedge funds,
all these billionaire wall street people. Now,
regular folks on Reddit are starting to do the exact same thing.
And they're making millions of dollars, millions of dollars in the apps with,
with, with stocks.
And they're trying to figure out a way to stop these people from doing this,
cuz they don't want them to be able to do it. They want wall street,
normal people or, or yeah,
normal people are being penalized for figuring out a new way to
hack the system. That wall street has been manipulating forever.
I need tell about, is that accurate?
What I said does an accurate way of describing it.
Basically. That's a very good, simple way to describe it. Yeah.
There's more levels.
To it. So Sagar did a much better job of it. It go to, uh,
you can go to his, their YouTube page, uh,
crystal ball and SA and jet it's called rising the hill.
It's my favorite political talk show.
Cuz there's a person SAS on the right and Crystal's on the left,
but they're both honest and objective and they, they discuss how,
how up this is and how crazy it is. It's.
It's gone on. So after yesterday it's still going on today. Yeah.
So after yesterday went on through uh,
the stock market because the shutdown happened.
I think people's attention was like, well that they're gonna do that to us.
Let's take it over the crypto market. And so now the uh, Doche coin,
which started as a complete joke has like skyrocketed to not a joke anymore.
It hit an all time hive, almost 10 cents yesterday, but it was so minuscule.
You wouldn't have understood why you have millions of shares.
Didn't Elon tweet that too. So Elon has been adding to this,
like he'll tweet something and it'll make something spike.
He like add Bitcoin into his info. I think his bio.
And also that gentleman who's running for governor of California.
How do you say his name? I don't know.
If he's actually running for, cause I, I saw him get asked that he's like,
is this real? And he was like, well technically, you know, recall Gavin Newsom.
I don't think he's officially, he's not file paperwork or anything. You know,
he's having fun. Yeah.
I think so. Yeah. He's having fun, but he tweeted about it too.
He's and did he's he's an ex, he was, he was with Google or with Facebook,
Google. But did, do you have anything to do with Facebook ever? Probably,
probably find out if he did cuz I I'm reading. Um,
Matt TA's book. Um, senior executive.
Yes. Earlier at Facebook. Maybe not Google.
Maybe it was Facebook then I'm sorry. Instead of Google. Correct.
Okay.
But he's basically explaining in one of his tweets recently pulled that up cause
he was comparing Robin hood to Facebook and he's saying that they pretend that
you're a customer, but you're not a customer. In fact,
you're the clients and they, you know what,
what you are is you're the product and they pretend that they're doing you
service.
But what they're really doing is they're take all of your data and they're
selling it and they're getting rich and they're not,
and they're not giving you any of that money.
And that's the same thing with Robin hood. It's the same sort of scenario. He,
he, he laid it out in his Twitter, but it's,
it's a situation where once his genie's out of the bottle where these regular
people figured out how to manipulate stock markets, I and truth be told,
I don't know Jack's about stock markets.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> I don't know anything. I literally barely pay attention.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> but Dave figured out how to manipulate it.
And once they figured out how to do this, they can keep doing this.
And unless I don't know how they're gonna stop it.
I have no idea how you gonna stop Reddit.
How are you gonna stop these intelligent people with plenty of time? I mean,
so they're organizing. I.
Mean, so can like, um, like, like, but you'd have to know how to actually do it.
Cuz I was over here. Like maybe, maybe I should call my,
maybe I should call my brother and tell me he should um, yeah.
Get in on this. But it's like a Ponzi scheme. It's like a pump and dump, right?
The idea is like you get in early and then it gets to a certain point.
You gotta realize like, okay, it's time to get out. It's time to get out.
Like if you buy it a dollar and then it gets to $30 and then you like, this,
this might crash soon. Get out now I don't know what the number would be.
I'm just saying it.
I think that's what a lot of people think. But that understanding I have of the,
this game stop situation is what makes it a little different is that short
squeeze situation is where there's contracts, which I think it just happened.
Cuz the market just closed because those contracts exist.
Someone has to buy that contract at the end of the day when the contract comes
to.
I don't. When is the market close?
Four o'clock every day. Oh four.
O'clock just close time.
Just closed. Yeah. Half an hour. So that's what this big issue was.
Was these contracts you could tell were gonna close on the 29th,
which is Friday at 4:00 PM. And when that happens,
whoever holds that contract has to fill, they have to fill the contract.
So they have find the shares.
Oh, so that's, they're trying to drive the price. So.
People are. So we'll see what happens after the next couple days,
which like after hours trading, which not out,
so something a retail investor gets to do and his hedge funds do get to do.
And that's what was happening. Uh,
maybe two days ago they were driving the price down because they have the
ability to do that. They have ability is that retail investors don't have.
And that's really the big argument I feel like is going on right now is like
they can do. We can't do.
It's all.
It's also weird because the stock market has always been this weird number thing
it's based on confidence. Like you can decide, buy, sell,
where is it going? Where is it going? Sell it, sell, sell,
sell sounds stressful. Oh my God. I had a friend of mine that I, uh,
used to do TaeKwonDo with that became a stock market guy.
And he was just into Coke and hookers. And then he got,
he got into stock market and I ran into him once.
This is when I was doing standup. I hadn't seen him forever.
He's like not a guy that you would think of being as a, a market guy.
He was a tank. He was like 5, 10,
2 20 big thick neck, always partying, just a animal.
I think he was on steroids and I,
I ran into him and he was just doing Coke and drinking. Yeah. And uh,
tell me he is in the stock market now. I was like, you're, you're a stock.
You're a stock broker. He's like, bro, it's fun, man. I love it, man.
We're selling stocks. We're making money. Like he was an animal like that.
This dude was, I,
I thought of a stock market analyst as being a guy with like a pocket protector,
like Warren buffet or some. Well, back in the day,
like I thought they had a later and a computer and they really knew a lot about
the business and they were just really calculated about their investments.
And then I, I ran into this wild dude that I knew from my fighting days.
I'm like this guy's wild. I'm like, you're a stockbroker. And he was like, dude,
that's what we do. How long has he been in it? I, I mean, this is,
we're talking about a long time ago.
I just ran into him randomly at a comedy club. Mm.
But he had been doing it for a few years. Catch new episodes.
The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.